.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- The text between the arrows are comments - they will not be visible on your PR. -->
<!-- To automatically tag this PR, add the uppercase label(s) surrounded by brackets below, for example: [LABEL] -->

## About the PR <!-- Describe the Pull Request here. What does it change? What other things could this impact? -->

**Screenshots**
<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to showcase your PR. If your PR is a visual change, add
screenshots or it's liable to be closed by maintainers. -->

**Changelog**
<!--
Here you can fill out a changelog that will automatically be added to the game when your PR is merged
There are 4 icons for changelog entries: add, remove, tweak, fix. I trust you can figure out the rest.

You can put your name after the :cl: symbol to change the name that shows in the changelog (otherwise it takes your GitHub username)
Like so: :cl: PJB

Generally, only put things in changelogs that players actually care about. Stuff like "Refactored X system, no changes should be visible" shouldn't be on a changelog.
-->

:cl:
- add: Added fun!
- remove: Removed fun!

Commit message:

Elaborate on wording of changelog entries

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- The text between the arrows are comments - they will not be visible on your PR. -->
<!-- To automatically tag this PR, add the uppercase label(s) surrounded by brackets below, for example: [LABEL] -->

## About the PR <!-- Describe the Pull Request here. What does it change? What other things could this impact? -->

**Screenshots**
<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to showcase your PR. If your PR is a visual change, add
screenshots or it's liable to be closed by maintainers. -->

**Changelog**
<!--
Here you can fill out a changelog that will automatically be added to the game when your PR is merged
There are 4 icons for changelog entries: add, remove, tweak, fix. I trust you can figure out the rest.

You can put your name after the :cl: symbol to change the name that shows in the changelog (otherwise it takes your GitHub username)
Like so: :cl: PJB

Generally, only put things in changelogs that players actually care about. Stuff like "Refactored X system, no changes should be visible" shouldn't be on a changelog.

For writing actual entries, don't consider the entry type suffix (e.g. add) to be "part" of the sentence:
bad: - add: a new tool for engineers
good: - add: added a new tool for engineers
-->

:cl:
- add: Added fun!
- remove: Removed fun!
